
Contents
Getting Started  	1
    Creating new account	2
    Existing User Login	4
Getting used to the dashboard	4
    Edit your profile	5
    Searching for users	6
    Getting refined reccommendations	6
    Logging out	8






Getting started:

If you already have an account made you can skip the new user section.

New User:

Enter your name into the console. 

The console will ask you whether you want to create a new account or not. Type “Y” to continue 
or “N” to exit.

Choose and enter your password.

You will be prompted to fill in your profile.

After you have successfully completed your profile setup you will be guided towards your dashboard.





Existing user login:
If you are an existing user type in your name and enter.

You will be prompted for a password.

Enter password.

If correct you will be directed to your dashboard.

If incorrect access will be denied.



Getting used to the application:
On your dashboard you can choose from the following functionalities:
Edit, Search database, Recommendations, Logout.
You can access these functionalities by inputting the index in front of each. 

Edit your profile:
A list of editable attributes is displayed on the screen. Input the index of the desired attribute in the console. 

Enter the updated attribute and press enter. You should be directed back to your dashboard.

Searching for users:
Choose from the four different search attributes by entering the appropriate index. Enter the search query.

The query result is displayed on the screen. 

Each individual user’s profile from the query result can be viewed by entering the name of that specific user. After displaying the user profile, you are directed back to your dashboard.

Getting refined recommendations:
Recommendations is a more complex query system which inputs multiple criteria from the user and returns query results which fulfill all those search criterions. You input different data as prompted by the console. 

Query results are returned. On pressing enter you are directed back to your dashboard.


Logging out:
Choosing logout exits you from your dashboard and locks it. To re-access your profile you will have to go through the login procedure again.

